

Please identify grammatical miscues and awkward phrases in the following text. This is for academic writing, so use the formal tone.

Commercial Insurance Coverages

What type of insurance is available to cover risks faced by businesses?
We started in Section 1.1 by citing a survey of risk managers that
listed potential risks faced by businesses as well as by looking to
OECD’s summary of the international marketplace for a sense
of insurance coverages purchased globally. This section describes
insurance coverages available to protect businesses against insurable
risks. I begin with more structured contracts suitable for small and
medium-sized firms and then discuss more flexible arrangements
desirable for larger firms.

6.3.1 BOPs and Commercial Insurance

Rather than requiring that firms purchase separate policies for
different risks, it is common for insurers to offer policies that cover
several risks simultaneously. By bundling risks together into a
single contract, these policies offer a convenient and cost-effective
option for businesses that need a set of core coverages. This set
of core coverages typically includes general liability insurance,
property insurance, and business interruption insurance. In the
United States, these are known as business owners policies (BOPs).
In Europe, it is common to refer to them as a “package policies”
or “combined policies.” In Australia, they are known as a “business
package policies” or “multi-peril insurance.”

In all jurisdictions, these policies bundle several essential coverages
for small and medium-sized businesses into a single package. They
are generally designed to provide standardized coverage packages,
which means that the options for customizing risk retention may be
limited. That is, the coverage limits and deductibles may be predetermined by the insurance provider based on the standard package
offered. Because these policies are designed to provide affordable
and convenient coverage for a wide range of small businesses, the
risk retention options may be less customizable compared to larger,
more tailored commercial insurance policies.
A BOP is not limited to a single set of core coverages. Depending
on the needs of the business, it is common to add coverage for
risks due to commercial auto, cyber liability, director and officers,
employment practices liability, and so forth.

Larger firms require more flexibility than afforded by a BOP. Commercial insurance typically refers to a broad category of insurance
policies designed to protect businesses from various risks. It includes different types of coverage, such as general liability, property,
workers’ compensation, and more, which can be tailored to the
specific needs of a business.

To illustrate, the following Section 6.3.2 describes the case of a large
organization (a university) that has insurance needs comparable to a
large commercial organization. For contrast, Section 6.3.3 describes
an insurance pool of government entities, the Wisconsin Property
Fund. Although not a commercial insurer, the fund essentially acts
like one in that it provides standard policies which cover several
risks for members of the pool. We feature this entity in this book
because data are available that allows us to calibrate our optimal
retention programs in the same way that a commercial insurer
could do for its clients.